man: is a command that displays a command's manual page
man cd tells you what 
cd does and it's other properties. will do the same for things like mv, ls, mkdir, etc..
command used: man cd 
explanation: tells you what cd is and it's other properties
output:
CD(1POSIX)                                    POSIX Programmer's Manual                                    CD(1POSIX)

PROLOG
       This  manual  page  is  part of the POSIX Programmer's Manual.  The Linux implementation of this interface may
       differ (consult the corresponding Linux manual page for details of Linux behavior), or the interface  may  not
       be implemented on Linux.

NAME
       cd — change the working directory

SYNOPSIS
       cd [-L|-P] [directory]

       cd -

DESCRIPTION
       The  cd  utility  shall  change  the working directory of the current shell execution environment (see Section
       2.12, Shell Execution Environment) by executing the following steps in sequence. (In the following steps,  the
       symbol  curpath represents an intermediate value used to simplify the description of the algorithm used by cd.
       There is no requirement that curpath be made visible to the application.)

        1. If no directory operand is given and the HOME environment variable is empty or undefined, the default  be‐
           havior is implementation-defined and no further steps shall be taken.

        2. If  no  directory  operand  is given and the HOME environment variable is set to a non-empty value, the cd
           utility shall behave as if the directory named in the HOME environment variable was specified as  the  di‐
           rectory operand.

        3. If  the  directory operand begins with a <slash> character, set curpath to the operand and proceed to step
           7.

Type: displays the kind of command the shell will execute
options: if you type ls it will show what that is an alias for. 
command: type ls
explanation: shows you what ls is alias for.
output:
ls is aliased to `ls --color=auto'

which: to determine the exact location of a given excuteable.
options: no other options
command: which ls
explanation: will find the location of ls and tells me where it is.
output:
/usr/bin/ls

